DM-43714: Add tox-requirements support (#10)
lsst-sqre/run-tox: README.md

          tox-plugins: "tox-docker"
```

> Alternately, you can include it in a requirements file referenced with `tox-requirements`:

Reviewer: I'd recommend making this a separate section to call this out more explicitly.

```suggestion
### Install tox and plugins from a requirements.txt file.

Alternately, you can specify tox and tox plugin dependencies from a `requirements.txt` file referenced with `tox-requirements`. When you use `tox-requirements`, the `tox-package` and `tox-plugins` options are ignored:
```
